- social media platform	
- OSINT & WEBINT
-threat intelligence reports (including threat landscape and asset-based intelligence).
-----------------------
D3fend- knowledge graph 	 vocabulary used to describe defensive cyber security function and techniques
detect,deny and disrupt

MITRE CRIT - Collaborative Reasearch Into ThreatsS

You are researching the techniques used by APT41 and want the most detailed information.  Which section of the group’s page on the ATT&CK website should I look to for original source materials?
Meta information
Techniques Used
Source Intelligence
Resources

One of the best ways to truly test and build upon a threat informed defense is to:
Provide red team reports to the SOC
Subscribe to a commercial threat feed
Enable collaboration between red and blue teams through a purple team.
Utilze STIX/TAXII
---------------------------------
CTID - Center Threat Informed Defense
  - CTI
  - defensive engagement of the threat
  - sharing and collaboration
-------------------------------------

AI model training & deployment.
TensorFlow, Scikit learn and PyTorch. 
You will be responsible for designing, developing, and deploying AI applications leveraging both open-source models (Llama, Mistral, DeepSeek etc) 
and proprietary services (OpenAI, Anthropic)
Lead the AI integration efforts within Astra Security, shaping the company’s AI roadmap
Develop and Optimize Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) Pipelines with multi-tenant capabilities
Build and enhance RAG applications using LangChain, LangGraph, and vector databases (e.g. Milvus, Pinecone, pgvector).
Implement efficient document chunking, retrieval, and ranking strategies.
Optimize LLM interactions using embeddings, prompt engineering, and memory mechanisms.
Work with Graph databases (Neo4j or similar) for structuring and querying knowledge bases
Design multi-agent workflows using orchestration platforms like LangGraph or other emerging agent frameworks for AI-driven decision-making and reasoning.
Integrate vector search, APIs and external knowledge sources into agent workflows.
Exposure to end-to-end AI ecosystem like Huggingface to accelerate AI development (while initial work won’t involve extensive model training, the candidate should be ready for fine-tuning, domain adaptation, and LLM deployment when needed)
Design and develop AI applications using LLMs (Llama, Mistral, OpenAI, Anthropic, etc.)
Build APIs and microservices to integrate AI models into backend architectures..
Collaborate with the product and engineering teams to integrate AI into Astra Security’s core offerings
Stay up to date with the latest advancements in AI and security, ensuring Astra remains at the cutting edge
-----------
fine tuning models
LangChain and LangGraph
agentic AI systems in production (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure) using containerization (Docker, Kubernetes).
Git, Docker, RESTful APIs, FAST APIS observability platform
AI applications using ComfyUI and other GUI-based tools.
 deployment, API integration, and UI development.
Familiarity with AI Agents like Autogen, CrewAI, and AssistantAPIs.
MLOps, model deployment, and monitoring